sure Rambert has been in the Game
Capture business for 16 years
everywhere Shawn goes his dog tower goes
with him
and so do the rest of the family baby
Phoebe is nine months old and Shawn's
british-born wife Emma is the team vet
plastic
armed with just a piece of plastic
piping Shawn has to encourage the last
of the zebra into a holding pen called
the crush in Game Capture we're dealing
with wild unpredictable dangerous
animals every day and Shawn works under
immense pressure he's got to be on his
toes make split-second decisions for the
safety of the animal and the team and
it's something he does exceeding you are
a part of automata we've got the whole
group which is nice it's always nice to
keep a family group as a whole
up make it nice be fitted into
season yeah oh I need you to get going
yeah so I can load these what I'm gonna
do is just climb up on the side of the
crush here and tranquilizing video
camera funds you can hear them kicking
now okay done this one though I'll make
sure my center of gravity is on this
side it's not though fallin for Emma
this is a very different world just a
few years ago she treated dogs and cats
in the Home Counties Emma's going from
being a spoiler just to probably one of
the most experienced wildlife pets in
the country
toxiel of zebra and they're such fun to
catch and they're beautiful and I
suppose I admire that spirit in them but
you just got to be careful both ends are
so dangerous Emma
originally came to South Africa on a
working holiday she joined us for a year
and in almost two years and then all
those three years and now it's almost
six seven years ago or not you work in
the best locations you work with wild
animals and I mean how romantic can you
get so now Big Game Capture is a real
family business
you